{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red249\green249\blue249;\red38\green38\blue38;\red52\green110\blue183;
\red217\green11\blue0;\red102\green177\blue50;\red134\green19\blue62;\red85\green142\blue40;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww31020\viewh16980\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200

\f0\b\fs56 \cf0 Overview\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0\fs28 \cf0 \cb2 This is the official Repo for creating, sharing and using the iPhone Winterboard Theme "Minimal HD".\cf3 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300
\cf3 It now includes 160+ icons which have been graciously crafted by the community. In addition to that: lock screen skin, popup dialogs, SMS bubbles and a lot of separate options for additional customization.\
Either download from Cydia (search for 'Minimal HD'), or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/gruhu13/Minimal-HD/tarball/master"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 click here}}.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs56 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200
\cf0 Contributors\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\b0\fs28 \cf3 Our contributors are who makes Minimal HD on of the best theme for iPhone. Please take a moment to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/gruhu13/Minimal-HD/contributors"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 look over our list of contributors}}.\
Make sure to show your appreciation to everyone on this list!\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\b\fs36 \cf5 JOIN THE TEAM! 
\b0\fs26 \cf3 Just write an email to philippgrundhuber@gmail.com and you will get acces to the Github!
\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs56 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200
\cf0 How You Can Help Make Minimal HD More Awesome\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\b0\fs28 \cf0 Whether it's requests, contributions or bugs, thanks to everyone who helps make Minimal HD one of the best themes on the iPhone!\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Submitting an Icon Request\
{\listtext	\'95	}Contributing an Icon\
{\listtext	\'95	}Submit a Bug\cf3 \
{\listtext	\'95	}JOIN THE TEAM 
\fs26 Just write an email to philippgrundhuber@gmail.com and you will get acces to the Github!
\fs28 \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs56 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200
\cf0 Icon Requests
\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\fs28 \cf3 1. Way
\b0 \
Open an Issue with your iconrequest\
\

\b 2. Way
\b0 \
Download "IconThief" from Cydia and set following options:\
Attach ZIP to Email \cf6 ON\cf3 \
Save In Bundle Folders \cf6 ON\cf3 \
Revert Optimized Icons \cf6 ON\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300
\cf3 Collect Artwork Images \cf7 OFF\cf3 \
Then Press "Start!" and when its done email (philippgrundhuber@gmail.com) me your package. 
\b Please add all Application Names you would like to get themed! 
\fs32 \cf4 \

\fs48 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200

\fs56 \cf0 Icon Contributions\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\b0\fs28 \cf3 Minimal HD is a community effort, we can only continue being this successful with your help!\
1. Way\
Email us your icon set (only in bundle Folders please): philippgrundhuber@gmail.com\
2. Way\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\b \cf8 Join the team and get access to the github Folders! Just email me and we will thankfully welcome you!\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs48 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200
\cf0 Guidelines\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\b0\fs28 \cf3 In order to create a Minimal HD icon you will need Photoshop as well as the 
\b template {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/gruhu13/Minimal-HD/blob/master/Templates/IconTemplate.psd"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 here}}.
\b0 \
Please Watch the following Guidelines: \
1. Always make clear and as minimalistic as possible icons\
2. Please Always use the colours given and make your "picture" white!\
3. Do not (or only if it 
\i really is necessary
\i0 ) make your white "picture" of the icon bigger than the blue lines!\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs48 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200
\cf0 Attaching Icons\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\b0\fs28 \cf3 Attach the icon to the issue by dragging and dropping the icon file directly into the issue.\
Alternatively you can click the 'choose an image' link and select it from your hard drive.\
\
Look at the comment on {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/glasklart/hd/issues/917"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 this issue}} for a proper example of a well done icon fulfillment.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa200

\b\fs56 \cf0 Submitting a Bug\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa300

\b0\fs28 \cf3 Sometimes app makers change the icon names that they use and doing so breaks Minimal HD. Sometimes Apple changes the names of images they use within iOS and doing so breaks Minimal HD. If you find a problem like this or anything else {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/gruhu13/Minimal-HD/issues"}}{\fldrslt let us know }}what has changed there. If you cannot find an existing issue, 
\i please open one
\i0 . It's really easy!}